rps16	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbK	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbI	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
atpH	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
petN	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbM	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbZ	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psaI	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbJ	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbL	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbL	 seqeunce not start with ATG
psbF	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbE	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
petL	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
petG	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psaJ	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
rpl33	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbT	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbN	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
psbH	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
rpl36	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
rps19	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
rpl23	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
ORF70	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
rpl32	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
ndhD	 seqeunce not start with ATG
psaC	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
rps15	 seqeunce length samller than 300 bp
